doc/index.rst, before:

**mne-icalabel**
===================

mne-icalabel is a Python package for labeling independent components that stem
from an `Independent Component Analysis (ICA) <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Independent_component_analysis>`_.

Scalp electroencephalography (EEG) and magnetoencephalography (MEG) analysis is typically very noisy
and contains various non-neural signals, such as heartbeat artifacts. Independent
component analysis (ICA) is a common procedure to remove these artifacts.
However, removing artifacts requires manual annotation of ICA components, which is
subject to human error and very laborious when operating on large datasets. The first
few version of MNE-ICALabel replicated the popular ICLabel model for Python (previously only available
in MATLAB's EEGLab). In future versions, the package aims to develop more robust models
that build upon the ICLabel model.

We encourage you to use the package for your research and also build on top
with relevant Pull Requests. See our examples for walk-throughs of how to use the package.
Also, see our `contributing guide <https://github.com/mne-tools/mne-icalabel/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md>`_.

We are licensed under BSD-3 (see `License <https://github.com/mne-tools/mne-icalabel/blob/main/LICENSE>`_).

Contents
--------

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2
   :caption: Getting started:

   whats_new
   install
   api
   auto_examples/index

Indices and tables
------------------

* :ref:`genindex`
* :ref:`modindex`

Commit message:

[DOC] Improve documentation configuration (#118)
* rename examples

* rm unused readthedocs theme

* simplify documentation configuration

* add link to MNE

* fix formatting

* fix backreferences

* rework install instructions

* remove unused reference and duplicate url

* improve index

* fix typo from copy/paste

* set back title in bold

* update makefile

* Update doc/index.rst

Co-authored-by: Adam Li <adam2392@gmail.com>

Co-authored-by: Adam Li <adam2392@gmail.com>

doc/index.rst, after:

.. include:: ./links.inc

**MNE-ICALabel**
================

``mne-icalabel`` is a Python package for labeling independent components that
stem from an `Independent Component Analysis (ICA) <ica wikipedia_>`_.

Scalp electroencephalography (EEG) and magnetoencephalography (MEG) analysis is
typically very noisy and contains various non-neural signals, such as heartbeat
artifacts. `Independent Component Analysis (ICA) <ica wikipedia_>`_ is a common
procedure to remove these artifacts. However, removing artifacts requires
manual annotation of ICA components, which is subject to human error and very
laborious when operating on large datasets. The first few versions of
``mne-icalabel`` replicated the popular ICLabel model for Python (previously
only available in MATLAB's EEGLab). In future versions, the package aims to
develop more robust models that build upon the ICLabel model.

We encourage you to use the package for your research and also build on top
with relevant Pull Requests (PR). See our examples for walk-throughs of how to
use the package and see our
`contributing guide <project contributing_>`_ for contributions.

``mne-icalabel`` is licensed under the `BSD license`_.
A full copy of the license can be found `on GitHub <project license_>`_.

Contents
--------

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2
   :caption: Getting started:

   whats_new
   install
   api
   generated/examples/index
